Empty calories may be grasshoppers' downfall. And they could spell trouble for plant eaters of all sizes. Over the past 5 years, several studies have documented 
dwindling insect populations, prompting "insect apocalypse" headlines. Not everyone was convinced, because insect populations can have booms and busts. Now, 
cologists analyzing long-term data about grasshoppers in Kansas have been able to factor out climate-induced fluctuations in these insects' numbers. They still 
see a 30% decline in the grasshoppers over several decades and have also shown their food, local grasses, has less nutrients even though there's more of it. 
Thus, the researchers have concluded the insect decline is real—and that "nutrient dilution" in plants could be a major problem.

Abstract
Aims
Anthropogenic activities have drastically increased nutrient availability, resulting in declines in species richness in many plant communities. However, most previous 
studies have explored only species-loss patterns and mechanisms over small sampling areas, so their results might overestimate species loss at larger spatial scales. 
The aim of this research was to explore species diversity change patterns and species-loss rates at multiple scales in alpine meadow communities following nutrient 
enrichment. Specifically, we asked two closely related questions: (i) do changes in species diversity and species-loss patterns differ among spatial scales? and (ii) 
how does community compositional dissimilarity and species turnover change among spatial scale?

Methods
This study was implemented in an alpine meadow community, which is regarded as one of the most sensitive and vulnerable terrestrial ecosystems to anthropogenic 
nutrient enrichment. We conducted a fertilization experiment that involved the addition of nitrogen (N), phosphorus (P) and a mixture of both to a series of quadrats 
ranging from 1 to 16 m2 over 5 years to study the variations in the patterns of species diversity in response to nutrient additions at different spatial scales.